aafu            aaf u sp
aarm            aar m sp
aasy            aas y sp
aay             aa y sp
af              af sp
ai              a i sp
an              a n sp
anh             a nh sp
asi             as i sp
asn             as n sp
asp             as p sp
awn             aw n sp
ba              b a sp
baafn           b aaf n sp
baajt           b aaj t sp
baajy           b aaj y sp
baast           b aas t sp
baay            b aa y sp
baf             b af sp
bafi            b af i sp
bafn            b af n sp
bajch           b aj ch sp
bajn            b aj n sp
bajo            b aj o sp
ban             b a n sp
bao             b a o sp
bar             b ar sp
barn            b ar n sp
baro            b ar o sp
bary            b ar y sp
basc            b as c sp
basn            b as n sp
basnh           b as nh sp
baso            b as o sp
bawfng          b awf ng sp
bawng           b aw ng sp
bawst           b aws t sp
beejnh          b eej nh sp
been            b ee n sp
beeu            b ee u sp
bes             b es sp
bia             b ia sp
bieejn          b ieej n sp
bieen           b iee n sp
bieern          b ieer n sp
bieesn          b iees n sp
bieest          b iees t sp
bifnh           b if nh sp
bij             b ij sp
boa             b o a sp
bojn            b oj n sp
bojp            b oj p sp
bojt            b oj t sp
boofng          b oof ng sp
booj            b ooj sp
boong           b oo ng sp
boosn           b oos n sp
bor             b or sp
bosng           b os ng sp
bosp            b os p sp
bowf            b owf sp
bujng           b uj ng sp
buoofn          b uoof n sp
buoori          b uoor i sp
bus             b us sp
buwsc           b uws c sp
buyst           b u ys t sp
ca              c a sp
caafm           c aaf m sp
caafn           c aaf n sp
caajn           c aaj n sp
caajp           c aaj p sp
caaju           c aaj u sp
caasm           c aas m sp
caasp           c aas p sp
caau            c aa u sp
caay            c aa y sp
caf             c af sp
cafnh           c af nh sp
cajc            c aj c sp
cajnh           c aj nh sp
can             c a n sp
canh            c a nh sp
cao             c a o sp
car             c ar sp
carnh           c ar nh sp
cas             c as sp
casc            c as c sp
casch           c as ch sp
casi            c as i sp
casm            c as m sp
casnh           c as nh sp
casp            c as p sp
casy            c as y sp
cawjp           c awj p sp
cawsn           c aws n sp
cawst           c aws t sp
cha             ch a sp
chaafu          ch aaf u sp
chaajp          ch aaj p sp
chaajt          ch aaj t sp
chaaju          ch aaj u sp
chaast          ch aas t sp
chafo           ch af o sp
chai            ch a i sp
chajy           ch aj y sp
char            ch ar sp
chasu           ch as u sp
chasy           ch as y sp
chawjt          ch awj t sp
chawsc          ch aws c sp
chees           ch ees sp
cheest          ch ees t sp
chesm           ch es m sp
chex            ch ex sp
chi             ch i sp
chieefu         ch ieef u sp
chieesc         ch iees c sp
chieesm         ch iees m sp
chij            ch ij sp
chiju           ch ij u sp
chim            ch i m sp
chir            ch ir sp
chisn           ch is n sp
chisnh          ch is nh sp
cho             ch o sp
choefn          ch o ef n sp
choofi          ch oof i sp
choori          ch oor i sp
choosi          ch oos i sp
chos            ch os sp
chowfn          ch owf n sp
chowi           ch ow i sp
chowj           ch owj sp
chuaarn         ch u aar n sp
chung           ch u ng sp
chur            ch ur sp
chus            ch us sp
chusng          ch us ng sp
chust           ch us t sp
chuw            ch uw sp
chuwa           ch uwa sp
chuwowng        ch uwow ng sp
chuwsc          ch uws c sp
chuwsng         ch uws ng sp
chuwxa          ch uwxa sp
chuyeejn        ch u yeej n sp
chuyeen         ch u yee n sp
chuyeern        ch u yeer n sp
cofn            c of n sp
cojc            c oj c sp
cojp            c oj p sp
con             c o n sp
coo             c oo sp
coofn           c oof n sp
coong           c oo ng sp
coor            c oor sp
coorng          c oor ng sp
coos            c oos sp
coosi           c oos i sp
cor             c or sp
cos             c os sp
cosp            c os p sp
cow             c ow sp
cowf            c owf sp
cown            c ow n sp
cufng           c uf ng sp
cujm            c uj m sp
cung            c u ng sp
cuoojc          c uooj c sp
cuoosi          c uoos i sp
cur             c ur sp
cura            c ura sp
cusi            c us i sp
cuw             c uw sp
cuwfu           c uwf u sp
cuwowfi         c uwowf i sp
cuwowfng        c uwowf ng sp
cuwowsp         c uwows p sp
cuwowxng        c uwowx ng sp
cuwra           c uwra sp
cuwru           c uwr u sp
cuws            c uws sp
cuwsu           c uws u sp
cuxng           c ux ng sp
da              d a sp
daafu           d aaf u sp
daajp           d aaj p sp
daam            d aa m sp
daan            d aa n sp
daang           d aa ng sp
daasy           d aas y sp
dafi            d af i sp
dafn            d af n sp
dajng           d aj ng sp
dajo            d aj o sp
danh            d a nh sp
dao             d a o sp
dasm            d as m sp
dasng           d as ng sp
dawm            d aw m sp
daxy            d ax y sp
dda             dd a sp
ddaafu          dd aaf u sp
ddaaju          dd aaj u sp
ddaam           dd aa m sp
ddaast          dd aas t sp
ddaasy          dd aas y sp
ddaay           dd aa y sp
ddafo           dd af o sp
ddaji           dd aj i sp
ddajo           dd aj o sp
ddang           dd a ng sp
ddaro           dd ar o sp
ddasm           dd as m sp
ddasnh          dd as nh sp
ddaso           dd as o sp
ddawjt          dd awj t sp
ddawsm          dd aws m sp
ddax            dd ax sp
ddeef           dd eef sp
ddeefu          dd eef u sp
ddeem           dd ee m sp
ddeer           dd eer sp
ddeesn          dd ees n sp
ddefn           dd ef n sp
ddejp           dd ej p sp
dden            dd e n sp
ddi             dd i sp
ddieefn         dd ieef n sp
ddieefu         dd ieef u sp
ddieejn         dd ieej n sp
ddieerm         dd ieer m sp
ddifnh          dd if nh sp
ddija           dd ija sp
ddijch          dd ij ch sp
ddijnh          dd ij nh sp
ddix            dd ix sp
ddo             dd o sp
ddoafn          dd o af n sp
ddoajn          dd o aj n sp
ddofi           dd of i sp
ddojc           dd oj c sp
ddoo            dd oo sp
ddoof           dd oof sp
ddoofi          dd oof i sp
ddoofn          dd oof n sp
ddoofng         dd oof ng sp
ddooi           dd oo i sp
ddoojc          dd ooj c sp
ddooji          dd ooj i sp
ddoojng         dd ooj ng sp
ddoong          dd oo ng sp
ddoor           dd oor sp
ddoori          dd oor i sp
ddoosc          dd oos c sp
ddoost          dd oos t sp
ddor            dd or sp
ddos            dd os sp
ddosn           dd os n sp
ddowfi          dd owf i sp
ddujng          dd uj ng sp
ddur            dd ur sp
ddusng          dd us ng sp
dduwa           dd uwa sp
dduwfng         dd uwf ng sp
dduwowfng       dd uwowf ng sp
dduwowjc        dd uwowj c sp
dduwowng        dd uwow ng sp
dduwsc          dd uws c sp
dduwst          dd uws t sp
dejp            d ej p sp
dieejp          d ieej p sp
dieexn          d ieex n sp
dijch           d ij ch sp
dijp            d ij p sp
dim             d i m sp
dis             d is sp
do              d o sp
doanh           d o a nh sp
dojc            d oj c sp
dojn            d oj n sp
doofn           d oof n sp
doox            d oox sp
dosm            d os m sp
dowr            d owr sp
dowx            d owx sp
du              d u sp
dufng           d uf ng sp
dujc            d uj c sp
duwfa           d uwfa sp
duwfng          d uwf ng sp
duwj            d uwj sp
duwjc           d uwj c sp
duwjng          d uwj ng sp
duwsa           d uwsa sp
duwx            d uwx sp
duyeejt         d u yeej t sp
ees             ees sp
em              e m sp
gaafu           g aaf u sp
gaf             g af sp
gawsn           g aws n sp
gax             g ax sp
gaxi            g ax i sp
ghes            gh es sp
gia             gi a sp
giaajn          gi aaj n sp
giaasc          gi aas c sp
giaasu          gi aas u sp
giaf            gi af sp
giafy           gi af y sp
giai            gi a i sp
gianh           gi a nh sp
giao            gi a o sp
giar            gi ar sp
giari           gi ar i sp
giarm           gi ar m sp
giarn           gi ar n sp
gias            gi as sp
giasm           gi as m sp
giaso           gi as o sp
giawjt          gi awj t sp
gieest          gi ees t sp
gif             gi f sp
gion            gi o n sp
gioosng         gi oos ng sp
giorn           gi or n sp
giowf           gi owf sp
giowsi          gi ows i sp
gir             gi r sp
giusp           gi us p sp
giuwx           gi uwx sp
giuwxa          gi uwxa sp
gofn            g of n sp
goosi           g oos i sp
gosi            g os i sp
guoosc          g uoos c sp
guwowng         g uwow ng sp
guwri           g uwr i sp
hafi            h af i sp
hafng           h af ng sp
hafnh           h af nh sp
hai             h a i sp
hajnh           h aj nh sp
har             h ar sp
hari            h ar i sp
haso            h as o sp
hawfng          h awf ng sp
haxy            h ax y sp
hay             h a y sp
heej            h eej sp
heest           h ees t sp
hefn            h ef n sp
hejn            h ej n sp
hieejn          h ieej n sp
hieejp          h ieej p sp
hieeru          h ieer u sp
hieesp          h iees p sp
hifnh           h if nh sp
hoa             h o a sp
hoafn           h o af n sp
hoajt           h o aj t sp
hoawjc          h o awj c sp
hof             h of sp
hofa            h of a sp
hoj             h oj sp
hojc            h oj c sp
hoof            h oof sp
hoofn           h oof n sp
hooji           h ooj i sp
hoor            h oor sp
hoos            h oos sp
hoosi           h oos i sp
hori            h or i sp
hosa            h os a sp
howjp           h owj p sp
hown            h ow n sp
howsp           h ows p sp
hufng           h uf ng sp
hung            h u ng sp
huoosng         h uoos ng sp
huw             h uw sp
huwowsc         h uwows c sp
huwowsng        h uwows ng sp
huwsa           h uwsa sp
huwsc           h uws c sp
huyeejn         h u yeej n sp
huyeest         h u yees t sp
huyst           h u ys t sp
im              i m sp
ist             is t sp
keer            k eer sp
keeu            k ee u sp
kef             k ef sp
keso            k es o sp
khaarn          kh aar n sp
khaaru          kh aar u sp
khaasu          kh aas u sp
khai            kh a i sp
khar            kh ar sp
khasc           kh as c sp
khasch          kh as ch sp
khasn           kh as n sp
khawn           kh aw n sp
kheej           kh eej sp
khi             kh i sp
khieesn         kh iees n sp
khis            kh is sp
khoa            kh o a sp
khoarng         kh o ar ng sp
khoasi          kh o as i sp
khoo            kh oo sp
khoon           kh oo n sp
khoong          kh oo ng sp
khoor           kh oor sp
khori           kh or i sp
khosa           kh os a sp
khosc           kh os c sp
khosi           kh os i sp
khowsp          kh ows p sp
khu             kh u sp
khuynh          kh u y nh sp
kia             k ia sp
kieejn          k ieej n sp
kieen           k iee n sp
kieerm          k ieer m sp
kieeru          k ieer u sp
kieesm          k iees m sp
kieesn          k iees n sp
kinh            k i nh sp
laafm           l aaf m sp
laafn           l aaf n sp
laasn           l aas n sp
laf             l af sp
lafm            l af m sp
lajc            l aj c sp
laji            l aj i sp
lajnh           l aj nh sp
lan             l a n sp
lao             l a o sp
las             l as sp
lawjng          l awj ng sp
lawm            l aw m sp
lawng           l aw ng sp
laxng           l ax ng sp
lee             l ee sp
leejnh          l eej nh sp
leen            l ee n sp
len             l e n sp
ler             l er sp
lieefm          l ieef m sp
lieeju          l ieej u sp
lieen           l iee n sp
lieesng         l iees ng sp
lieeu           l iee u sp
lim             l i m sp
lisp            l is p sp
list            l is t sp
lixnh           l ix nh sp
lo              l o sp
loajn           l o aj n sp
loajt           l o aj t sp
lofng           l of ng sp
lojt            l oj t sp
long            l o ng sp
looj            l ooj sp
loojc           l ooj c sp
loong           l oo ng sp
looxi           l oox i sp
lowfi           l owf i sp
lowsn           l ows n sp
lufm            l uf m sp
luoon           l uoo n sp
lusc            l us c sp
luwowfng        l uwowf ng sp
luwowxi         l uwowx i sp
luwra           l uwra sp
lys             l ys sp
maast           m aas t sp
maf             m af sp
mafu            m af u sp
mafy            m af y sp
mai             m a i sp
maj             m aj sp
majch           m aj ch sp
mang            m a ng sp
mari            m ar i sp
marnh           m ar nh sp
mas             m as sp
masi            m as i sp
masu            m as u sp
masy            m as y sp
mawjt           m awj t sp
mawrn           m awr n sp
mawsc           m aws c sp
mawsn           m aws n sp
mawst           m aws t sp
maxi            m ax i sp
may             m a y sp
mee             m ee sp
meesu           m ees u sp
mef             m ef sp
mefo            m ef o sp
mej             m ej sp
mieejn          m ieej n sp
mieejt          m ieej t sp
mifnh           m if nh sp
mir             m ir sp
mirm            m ir m sp
moojng          m ooj ng sp
moojt           m ooj t sp
moon            m oo n sp
moost           m oos t sp
mooxi           m oox i sp
mowfi           m owf i sp
mowr            m owr sp
mowsi           m ows i sp
mowx            m owx sp
mua             m ua sp
mufa            m ufa sp
mufi            m uf i sp
mujc            m uj c sp
muoosn          m uoos n sp
musa            m usa sp
muwowfi         m uwowf i sp
muwowi          m uwowi sp
muwsc           m uws c sp
myx             m yx sp
nafn            n af n sp
nafo            n af o sp
nafy            n af y sp
najn            n aj n sp
nam             n a m sp
nast            n as t sp
nawm            n aw m sp
nawng           n aw ng sp
nawsn           n aws n sp
nay             n a y sp
neefn           n eef n sp
neej            n eej sp
neen            n ee n sp
neesu           n ees u sp
neeu            n ee u sp
nga             ng a sp
ngafn           ng af n sp
ngafnh          ng af nh sp
ngafy           ng af y sp
ngaji           ng aj i sp
ngast           ng as t sp
ngawn           ng aw n sp
ngawsn          ng aws n sp
ngax            ng ax sp
ngay            ng a y sp
nghe            ngh e sp
ngheef          ngh eef sp
ngheej          ngh eej sp
nghefo          ngh ef o sp
nghieejp        ngh ieej p sp
nghieejt        ngh ieej t sp
nghij           ngh ij sp
nghijch         ngh ij ch sp
nghix           ngh ix sp
nghixa          ngh ixa sp
ngojn           ng oj n sp
ngoofi          ng oof i sp
ngowx           ng owx sp
ngu             ng u sp
nguoofn         ng uoof n sp
ngur            ng ur sp
ngurn           ng ur n sp
nguw            ng uw sp
nguwjc          ng uwj c sp
nguwng          ng uw ng sp
nguwowfi        ng uwowf i sp
nguyeen         ng u yee n sp
nhaajn          nh aaj n sp
nhaajp          nh aaj p sp
nhaajt          nh aaj t sp
nhaan           nh aa n sp
nhaast          nh aas t sp
nhaf            nh af sp
nhajo           nh aj o sp
nhast           nh as t sp
nhau            nh a u sp
nhawjt          nh awj t sp
nhax            nh ax sp
nhaxn           nh ax n sp
nhaxo           nh ax o sp
nhefm           nh ef m sp
nhej            nh ej sp
nhejm           nh ej m sp
nhejp           nh ej p sp
nhieefu         nh ieef u sp
nhieejm         nh ieej m sp
nhieejt         nh ieej t sp
nhieen          nh iee n sp
nhieexm         nh ieex m sp
nhifn           nh if n sp
nhosm           nh os m sp
nhowf           nh owf sp
nhuw            nh uw sp
nhuwja          nh uwja sp
nhuwng          nh uw ng sp
nhuwowsng       nh uwows ng sp
nhuwxng         nh uwx ng sp
nieen           n iee n sp
ninh            n i nh sp
non             n o n sp
noofi           n oof i sp
noofng          n oof ng sp
noong           n oo ng sp
noori           n oor i sp
noosng          n oos ng sp
nooxi           n oox i sp
nos             n os sp
nosi            n os i sp
nosng           n os ng sp
nowi            n ow i sp
nowr            n owr sp
nuwowsc         n uwows c sp
nuwx            n uwx sp
nuwxa           n uwxa sp
oo              oo sp
oong            oo ng sp
oori            oor i sp
oosng           oos ng sp
ow              ow sp
owr             owr sp
pha             ph a sp
phaafn          ph aaf n sp
phaarm          ph aar m sp
phaary          ph aar y sp
phajm           ph aj m sp
phajt           ph aj t sp
phari           ph ar i sp
phas            ph as sp
phast           ph as t sp
phee            ph ee sp
phesp           ph es p sp
phieen          ph iee n sp
phim            ph i m sp
phis            ph is sp
phisa           ph isa sp
phisnh          ph is nh sp
phofng          ph of ng sp
phong           ph o ng sp
phoojng         ph ooj ng sp
phoor           ph oor sp
phoos           ph oos sp
phos            ph os sp
phosng          ph os ng sp
phur            ph ur sp
phus            ph us sp
phusc           ph us c sp
phuwowfng       ph uwowf ng sp
phuwowng        ph uwow ng sp
pin             p i n sp
qua             q ua sp
quaafy          q u aaf y sp
quaan           q u aa n sp
quaarn          q u aar n sp
quaasn          q u aas n sp
quan            q ua n sp
quanh           q ua nh sp
quar            q uar sp
quarn           q uar n sp
quarng          q uar ng sp
quas            q uas sp
quasn           q uas n sp
quay            q ua y sp
quef            q u ef sp
quen            q u e n sp
qui             q u i sp
quoosc          q u oos c sp
quyeefn         q u yeef n sp
quyeejn         q u yeej n sp
quyeern         q u yeer n sp
quyeest         q u yees t sp
quys            q u ys sp
ra              r a sp
raafu           r aaf u sp
raan            r aa n sp
raasn           r aas n sp
raast           r aas t sp
rajp            r aj p sp
rasch           r as ch sp
rawfng          r awf ng sp
rieeng          r iee ng sp
roofi           r oof i sp
roojng          r ooj ng sp
roosi           r oos i sp
rowfi           r owf i sp
rowjp           r owj p sp
rox             r ox sp
rufa            r ufa sp
rujng           r uj ng sp
rung            r u ng sp
ruwfng          r uwf ng sp
ruwjc           r uwj c sp
sa              s a sp
saan            s aa n sp
saau            s aa u sp
safi            s af i sp
sai             s a i sp
sang            s a ng sp
sao             s a o sp
sarn            s ar n sp
sasng           s as ng sp
sasp            s as p sp
sast            s as t sp
sasu            s as u sp
sau             s a u sp
sawsc           s aws c sp
sawsm           s aws m sp
sawsp           s aws p sp
say             s a y sp
seer            s eer sp
sex             s ex sp
sieeu           s iee u sp
sinh            s i nh sp
soast           s o as t sp
soong           s oo ng sp
soos            s oos sp
soosng          s oos ng sp
sost            s os t sp
sow             s ow sp
sowj            s owj sp
sown            s ow n sp
sowr            s owr sp
sowsm           s ows m sp
susng           s us ng sp
suwj            s uwj sp
suwjc           s uwj c sp
suwra           s uwra sp
suwsc           s uws c sp
suwxa           s uwxa sp
suy             s u y sp
ta              t a sp
taafm           t aaf m sp
taajn           t aaj n sp
taajp           t aaj p sp
taam            t aa m sp
taasm           t aas m sp
taasn           t aas n sp
taay            t aa y sp
tafi            t af i sp
tafu            t af u sp
tai             t a i sp
taji            t aj i sp
tajo            t aj o sp
tar             t ar sp
tas             t as sp
tasc            t as c sp
tasi            t as i sp
tasm            t as m sp
tawng           t aw ng sp
tawrn           t awr n sp
tawsc           t aws c sp
tay             t a y sp
teej            t eej sp
teen            t ee n sp
tees            t ees sp
teest           t ees t sp
ter             t er sp
thaafn          th aaf n sp
thaajm          th aaj m sp
thaajt          th aaj t sp
thaan           th aa n sp
thaast          th aas t sp
thaasy          th aas y sp
thafnh          th af nh sp
tham            th a m sp
thanh           th a nh sp
thari           th ar i sp
tharn           th ar n sp
thasch          th as ch sp
thasi           th as i sp
thasng          th as ng sp
thaso           th as o sp
thasp           th as p sp
thawm           th aw m sp
thawng          th aw ng sp
thay            th a y sp
theej           th eej sp
theem           th ee m sp
theer           th eer sp
thees           th ees sp
theo            th e o sp
ther            th er sp
thesp           th es p sp
thi             th i sp
thieen          th iee n sp
thieesu         th iees u sp
thif            th if sp
thij            th ij sp
thijt           th ij t sp
thisch          th is ch sp
thoast          th o as t sp
thooi           th oo i sp
thoong          th oo ng sp
thoori          th oor i sp
thoosng         th oos ng sp
thosa           th os a sp
thow            th ow sp
thowfi          th owf i sp
thu             th u sp
thua            th ua sp
thuaajn         th u aaj n sp
thuaajt         th u aaj t sp
thuoojc         th uooj c sp
thuoosc         th uoos c sp
thur            th ur sp
thury           th ur y sp
thus            th us sp
thusy           th us y sp
thuw            th uw sp
thuwfa          th uwfa sp
thuwjc          th uwj c sp
thuwowfng       th uwowf ng sp
thuwowng        th uwow ng sp
thuwowrng       th uwowr ng sp
thuwr           th uwr sp
thuws           th uws sp
thuwsc          th uws c sp
thuyeest        th u yees t sp
tieefn          t ieef n sp
tieen           t iee n sp
tieeru          t ieer u sp
tieesn          t iees n sp
tieesp          t iees p sp
tieest          t iees t sp
tieeu           t iee u sp
tieexn          t ieex n sp
tifm            t if m sp
tifnh           t if nh sp
tijch           t ij ch sp
tim             t i m sp
tinh            t i nh sp
tir             t ir sp
tirnh           t ir nh sp
tisch           t is ch sp
tisnh           t is nh sp
toafn           t o af n sp
tofa            t of a sp
too             t oo sp
toofn           t oof n sp
tooi            t oo i sp
toon            t oo n sp
toor            t oor sp
toos            t oos sp
toost           t oos t sp
tosc            t os c sp
towsi           t ows i sp
tra             tr a sp
traafm          tr aaf m sp
traaxm          tr aax m sp
traf            tr af sp
trajng          tr aj ng sp
trang           tr a ng sp
tranh           tr a nh sp
trar            tr ar sp
trari           tr ar i sp
trawm           tr aw m sp
treen           tr ee n sp
trer            tr er sp
trieefu         tr ieef u sp
trifnh          tr if nh sp
trij            tr ij sp
trijnh          tr ij nh sp
tris            tr is sp
trof            tr of sp
trofn           tr of n sp
trojng          tr oj ng sp
trong           tr o ng sp
troojm          tr ooj m sp
troojn          tr ooj n sp
troosng         tr oos ng sp
trowr           tr owr sp
truaajt         tr u aaj t sp
trung           tr u ng sp
trusng          tr us ng sp
truwa           tr uwa sp
truwf           tr uwf sp
truwowfng       tr uwowf ng sp
truwowng        tr uwow ng sp
truwowrng       tr uwowr ng sp
truwowsc        tr uwows c sp
truy            tr u y sp
truyeefn        tr u yeef n sp
truyeejn        tr u yeej n sp
tu              t u sp
tuaafn          t u aaf n sp
tufng           t uf ng sp
tujc            t uj c sp
tum             t u m sp
tuoori          t uoor i sp
tuwf            t uwf sp
tuwfng          t uwf ng sp
tuwj            t uwj sp
tuwju           t uwju sp
tuwowfng        t uwowf ng sp
tuwowi          t uwowi sp
tuy             t u y sp
tuyeern         t u yeer n sp
tuyeesn         t u yees n sp
ty              t y sp
tyr             t yr sp
uaast           u aas t sp
uoosn           uoos n sp
uoosng          uoos ng sp
ury             ur y sp
usp             us p sp
uwowng          uwow ng sp
uwsng           uws ng sp
vaajn           v aaj n sp
vaajt           v aaj t sp
vaajy           v aaj y sp
vaasn           v aas n sp
vaaxn           v aax n sp
vaf             v af sp
vafn            v af n sp
vafng           v af ng sp
vafo            v af o sp
vai             v a i sp
vasy            v as y sp
vawn            v aw n sp
vawsng          v aws ng sp
ve              v e sp
veef            v eef sp
ver             v er sp
ves             v es sp
vex             v ex sp
vieejc          v ieej c sp
vieejn          v ieej n sp
vieejt          v ieej t sp
vieen           v iee n sp
vieest          v iees t sp
vieexn          v ieex n sp
vif             v if sp
vij             v ij sp
vinh            v i nh sp
vis             v is sp
vofng           v of ng sp
voo             v oo sp
voofng          v oof ng sp
voong           v oo ng sp
voosn           v oos n sp
vowfn           v owf n sp
vowr            v owr sp
vows            v ows sp
vowsi           v ows i sp
vowst           v ows t sp
vowx            v owx sp
vox             v ox sp
vufng           v uf ng sp
vuj             v uj sp
vus             v us sp
vuwjc           v uwj c sp
vuwowfn         v uwowf n sp
vuwown          v uwow n sp
vuwowng         v uwow ng sp
xa              x a sp
xaasu           x aas u sp
xaay            x aa y sp
xanh            x a nh sp
xarm            x ar m sp
xary            x ar y sp
xawng           x aw ng sp
xax             x ax sp
xay             x a y sp
xe              x e sp
xeesp           x ees p sp
xem             x e m sp
xes             x es sp
xest            x es t sp
xieeu           x iee u sp
xif             x if sp
xij             x ij sp
xin             x i n sp
xoa             x o a sp
xoay            x oay sp
xoe             x oe sp
xon             x o n sp
xong            x o ng sp
xooi            x oo i sp
xoxa            x ox a sp
xuaan           x u aa n sp
xuaast          x u aas t sp
xufm            x uf m sp
xung            x u ng sp
xuoosng         x uoos ng sp
xusc            x us c sp
xuwa            x uwa sp
xuwr            x uwr sp
y               y sp
yeen            yee n sp
yeeng           yee ng sp
yeesu           yees u sp
yeeu            yee u sp
ys              ys sp
